Rework particle documentation (#134)
4C-multiphysics/4C: doc/readthedocs/problemtypes.rst

**General**

> This is a completely different discretization type that comes along without elements but uses particles, i.e., spatial discretization points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a completely different discretization type without the typical mesh consisting of elements.
Instead, this mesh-free approach uses particles that can move in space.
```

I think this is what you try to say by "spatial discretization points"?

Author: I prefer to leave the description as I wrote it.

Author: Edit: I changed the description to be more precise.
